chore: capture BUILDKITE_RETRY_COUNT (#25750)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

- Icons in Debug page will no longer shrink at small viewports. Addresses [#25665](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25665).
- Improved the layout of the Debug Page empty states on smaller viewports. Addressed in [#25703](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/25703).
- Increased the spacing between elements and their associated tooltip and added borders around artifact links on the Debug Page. Addresses [#25666](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25666).

> - Capture Buildkite env variable BUILDKITE_RETRY_COUNT useful to handle CI retries on the Cloud. Addressed in [25750](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/25750).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Capture the [Buildkite](https://buildkite.com/) CI provider's environment variable `BUILDKITE_RETRY_COUNT` to handle CI retries in the Cloud. Addressed in [25750](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/25750).
```
